you've surpassed Gordon Ramsay as the
top Food Channel on YouTube what would
you say your net worth is today probably
like 10 million per month we probably
spend about 100K videos yeah even when
I'm not interested in watching food
content I will click on your videos this
is one of my favorite videos you put out
over a 100 million views this will often
be a peek in a video I'm obsessive about
colors doesn't that sort of make you do
a bit of a double take this gets into
the sort of nerdy side of YouTube you
took a chicken to an NFL game we gave it
a huge birthday party put it in a
helicopter and then at the end the idea
is sort of that we we I cooked it
you've had some of the biggest
collaborations what does a DM look like
to Shaq it sounds so crazy that it
sounds impossible you were on set in
Jimmy's top 50 YouTubers challenge Logan
got so excited he ran offset was that
totally
accidental you on the hit Cooking Show
Master Chef after that the videos that
you put up I I think didn't do well and
you deleted it you can really only ride
off of somebody else's success for so
[Music]
long before we get into it make sure you
subscribe and ring the bell because we
have so many big videos coming up more
interviews more Studio tours more video
breakdowns so hit that button so you
don't miss it and now back to the video
Nick thanks so much for coming on the
show man John thanks for having me yeah
I know you don't do this a lot so uh I
don't but I I will tell you I was very
excited about this so thanks man well
okay I got to brag about you to start
off here are three stats about you that
blew my mind okay less than 3% of
YouTube channels have over 10 million
subscribers you're already over 20
million past Gordon Ramsey wow um Less
Than 3 uh 3 .6% of applicants get into
Harvard and less than 0.5% of authors
become New York Times Best Sellers
you've done that six times all three of
those numbers are true for you damn um
and there's so many things I think non-
food creators can learn from you and I
want to dive into that by just starting
with your ideation process sure because
I analyzed your past 50 videos Nick and
I thought it was interesting yeah to see
how you come up with different formats
and I noticed a pattern as I went
through through it could you break down
some of your recent videos and formats
and I got some follow-ups of course yeah
and and thank you for all the prep I
mean this is crazy there's nothing
better than walking into a conversation
and and this happen so thank you of
course man so we've got world's best
we've got tasting every blank uh every
food from SpongeBob every food from
every decade we've got rating and
testing things and that's always fun you
can use an S tier list or you can um
taste a bunch of fat fast food hacks
this is what we didn't one here um so I
mean yeah and then we have we have you
know the big money ones where it's it's
a little more luxurious and and gets a
little bit crazy on the on the amount of
money that I spend on the video
sometimes uh and cooking verse that's
one of my favorites because that usually
means it's going to be a collab against
someone really fun so we have on these
ones we've got Mr Beast we've got Uncle
Roger and sha yeah and so they're all
different right and I think that's what
makes it so fun yeah and like some of
these videos are getting over 10 million
views use and I think again a lot of non
food channels can learn from what you're
doing how do you know when an idea is
good enough to Green
Light we think a lot before we
Greenlight a video we think about title
and we think about thumbnail and we
think about maybe one to two lines of
General concept and from that I can know
whether or not I'm going to be
interested in making the video or not
but it but it comes down to a deep dive
on you know has this been done before
and how did it do I I think that's
always important to look at not to say
that you can't take a concept that has
been done before and not make it better
but if people aren't interested in
something there's sometimes where it's
just like this may not be worth our time
you mean looking at it in terms of other
channels other genres it can be really
helpful to go and see okay 10 people
have tried to make uh a video trying the
best burgers in the world and no one
seems to be that interested in it and so
that might not be worth the time and
that's a good sort of first test to see
has this been done one of the trickier
things lately for us is that we're doing
a lot of things that we have haven't
seen done before and then it's all a gut
thing and and a little bit of research
and I don't know it's hard I still don't
have all the answers to tell you the
truth John yeah yeah well I thought it
was really smart like the onear ratings
video where you like go to restaurants
have one star I think for any Creator
that's a great entry point cuz you could
review onear products one star
restaurants like it's applicable to
nearly every Niche yes um how did you
think about that video you know to tell
you the truth so my favorite YouTuber to
watch watch actually is is Ryan Tran and
he has that whole series on testing one
star everything really and so I saw some
of his videos and I watch I tend to
watch most of his videos and I love that
series like you said it's just a fun
thing that really anyone could do and
so I I I mean it it it it was a tricky
video that I will tell you of all the
videos I posted in the last year or two
years that's the one we got closest to
not doing because I didn't want to go
and highlight anything bad about anybody
restaurants and I didn't want to you
know that's just not what I'm trying to
do um I don't think most people are
trying to do that but we ended up
finding that really clever loophole
around it where we were focusing more on
the actual one star reviews themselves
which I think Ryan has done a really
good job with and and it made it a
little bit easier and more comfortable
for us but we did have a couple good
discussions about like is this us is
this are we going to really go and test
one star things because I don't know
you're not looking to kick anyone while
they're down and I mean restaurants are
hard enough as it is so I didn't want to
add to that but the way we did it I
think was tasteful so yeah that
inspiration came a little bit from Ryan
it was doing a great job with the with
the format and I loved the videos and I
thought okay why don't I offer a
different perspective on some
restaurants and it was fun yeah I talked
about this in my interview with Mr Beast
about how like cop it's not copy and
paste it's copy with taste there you go
I like that yeah and taking like what he
did with like going to onear hotels
you're like no I'm a food Creator let me
go to onear restaurants and you know put
your own spin on it how much do the
average video on your channel cost these
days you know we've been talking about
this a lot lately yeah I think it just
depends what you're including but I
think we're getting to the $50,000 range
which is kind of crazy this one this one
no it's just very dependent on the video
but I would say on some of the more
recent ones definitely north of $50,000
which I would have never thought
possible by the way and again that
that's pretty dependent on what you're
actually including like if you're
including all the time spent by by all
the different editors and people
involved to put them together then it
might be even a little bit more but I
mean we're building out full custom sets
on some of them now um for our
Ratatouille video for our spicy cooking
challenge with Sean Evans and and that
alone is super expensive and timec
consuming so it's crazy I would have
never thought we'd ever spend this much
money on videos it's I mean the way you
reinvest in your production how many
videos are you putting out a month
now uh two long form a month so it's not
a crazy amount yeah but but still like
you know overhead is looking at like six
figures like above 100K oh yeah yeah
yeah a year you mean or mon per month
per month per month definitely over six
figures that we're spending is is like
is there a ballpark like I would say per
month we probably spend about 100K on
videos yeah W that sounds about right
what's been the most expensive video you
put
out the one where we trained a rat to
make ratatouille that was expensive
because you have you have someone just
day in and day out training these rats
cuz I wasn't training them myself and
and first of all how many people out
there do you imagine are are
professionals at training specific
animals right it's just
so yeah that that one was pretty pricey
unfortunately um but but also it was
just so much fun and I knew right when
we heard the idea that I wanted to try
to do this and it sounds so crazy that
it sounds impossible yeah but then if
you can make it possible then you know
people are going to want to watch it
that's amazing like is there another
video like that where like the cost of
it was more than you imagine but the
output and the views worked out the one
where we raised the chicken we hatched
it and then we grew it all the way up
into an an adult Chicken in about a 100
days that was really expensive because
we were doing things like we rented out
a restaurant to do sushi om maass with
just me and the chicken in there we
wanted to give the chicken a human life
a really full human life and so we
brought it to Sushi Omas we did all the
holidays with it we gave it a huge
birthday party that alone was really
expensive um we put it in a helicopter
we went to the Patriots game I mean we
did a lot of stuff with this chicken and
then at the end the idea is sort of that
we we I cooked it but you have to watch
the video and you'll see what happens uh
W and I W and I won't give it away if
you you or anybody else hasn't seen it
but that was expensive because I mean
four four months or so with with a
chicken um and doing all these things
and it added up to a lot more than I
thought it would as time went on it
probably cost about double what I
thought it would but also you look back
on that and I I I don't regret a second
of it yeah you you took a chicken to an
NFL game we did can you John you cannot
imagine the amount of legal paperwork
that's needed to bring a chicken or just
an animal to an NFL game it was it was
really intense the security multiple
levels of security getting in and then
we had a we we rented out a whole we
reserved a whole box for me and the
chicken and we got on the Jumbotron it
was it was the best but it was also I
mean it was it was oh also I mean
the the cleaning fees with having a
chicken in all these places because it's
going to the bathroom while you're
filming all the time so we were cleaning
we were professionally having to clean
cars and like different locations that
we went to we rented had a whole movie
theater for a movie for us too so I mean
that was an expensive video but but one
that I will never forget dude I asked
these questions because your views are
so massive now but to hear about the
production value and the thought behind
it like I mean people typically
attribute that to like the food networks
of the world and you're doing that on
YouTube it's just incredible I mean I
think that YouTube is the new place to
do this kind of thing yeah anybody first
of all can go and grab a phone or a
camera or whatever and and create
something now and put it online and I
mean I obviously feel super lucky just
like I'm sure you are to to to be able
to do this for for a living but I I
think that's what's so fun about it is
that in our own kind of unique and
creative way we are totally competing
like you said with the Netflix's and the
food networks of the world and it's and
it's really fun and we almost can do it
in a more flexible way than they can
100% I was going back through your
videos and I saw this amazing photo of
you as a kid where you had a menu and
you were charging of prices for stuff
you were making in the house and I think
that spoke to how Savvy you are on the
business side as well as on the food
side and obviously you went to Harvard
so you know you're sharp in that way but
can you break down like what's the pie
chart part of your business look like in
terms of sponsorships AdSense products
Book Sales like I want to get into all
that but what's a rough like pie chart
rough numbers MH I would say that I'm
really committed to to just making the
content right now the best that it can
possibly be so we have not done a brand
integration in YouTube in in a good
amount of time in the past year and a
half or so we probably done about three
and part of that is because I just sort
of feel like if I can use the money from
the YouTube ad Revenue itself and just
fund as much as I can there then that's
going to let me make the best videos
possible with no interruption yeah I'd
say about six 60% is YouTube ad revenue
and then I'd say about 30% is brand
deals that we kind of use to supplement
things and then that last last 10% is is
uh is just whether it's like the
different brands or different things
like that osmo and and the merch company
happy potato uh but those were really
not trying to to make money with yet
anyway we're just trying to grow with
those as well so my head is so down
right now in kind of growth mode growth
mode growth mode that I'm happy and I'm
very confident in spending the vast
majority of the money that we make on
everything uh with a little bit of a
cushion there on the side just to be
safe right um and also because like you
know for for myself and for the other um
team members like I can't risk having
anything happen you know if if people
stop watching all of our videos tomorrow
I still need to have some there and to
make sure we're all good right uh Nick
in 2013 Forbes estimated your net worth
at $4 million okay you've obviously
grown a ton since then you have your
products like osmo the premium salt um
if you had to estimate what would you
say your net worth is today with all
those things probably like 10 million
something oh but at the same time I
would have spent anything liquid there I
probably spent it already on video yeah
I mean the amount you rein back into
your channels is insane and I think
that's kind of sometimes what it takes
to be a really successful top tier
YouTuber yeah um one of the things
that's so unique about unic is that even
when I'm not interested in watching food
content I will click on your videos wow
yeah and I'll I'll watch it because your
hooks are are so good so I actually
prepared a video um the first like 45
seconds or so a video yeah and I want
you to play this is actually from the
video of like rating one star
restaurants okay um I want you to play
it pause if there's something that
you're like hey here's why we did this
this is exciting yeah wow okay all right
food critics come in many shapes and
sizes why are you holding a banana in
that opening
seed why are you asking me why I'm
holding a banana in the opening scene I
mean instead of a mic I'm like what like
there's like doesn't that sort of make
you do a bit of a double take it does
yeah yeah I think hey I I want
everything to be food themed and and
while I could be holding a normal
microphone it's it's just so much more
fun like right away you're like okay you
know this guy's here to have fun yeah
right yeah so I I don't know and it
brings color I I'm super I'm obsessive
about color sometimes so you can see I
have that dut pillow in the background
with all the sprinkles and then you know
there's like a little bit of Darker here
there's white here there's there's dark
here and then like a nice pop of yellow
so I think color is super important same
with food right I always want food to
have a lot of color yeah and so that
helps too but fascinating yeah uh let's
see food critics come in many shapes and
sizes some like an ego from the movie
ratou so Anton ego from the movie ratou
right here immediately we're trying to
call out what's what's one extreme on
one side that's because it's good to
kind of call out Extremes in a in a
video in this case and so this is you
know he's one of the harshest food
critics that we can all kind of think of
when we think of a food critic even
though he's not real right um and it's
also my favorite movie so that's why I
picked that are harsh and intimidating
While others such as Anthony Bourdain
are kind and thoughtful but then there
are yelpers the most ruthless critics of
them all so and then the other thing
I'll call out for this intro that that I
liked about it is that it involves a
bunch of different things so I'll tell
you the truth I never watched the show
South Park uh but right away like
that'll pull in a nice group of people
who relate to that show and have watched
it in the past and I think that's fun
and then you have the the Anton ego bit
which I mean I think most people I know
have watched Ratatouille but especially
that younger kind of demographic
generation who's seen all the Disney
movies and those things they'll all love
that and the and the Bourdain part it's
going to appeal to anyone who's kind of
in that slightly older age range so if
you think about it it's kind of a it's
very specific but it's pretty
well-rounded already with those things
yeah you're kind of targeting different
audiences subconsciously by doing that
right check out this review from Caleb
they was closed one star you didn't even
eat at the restaurant Caleb in this
video I've collected the craziest
onestar Yelp reviews I can find so one
thing we do with this so this screen
that I have here with with all the
different Yelp reviews there uh
sometimes it's kind of actually fun and
interactive to have someone pause in a
video and have to look at all this stuff
specifically by themselves a lot of
people will just keep watching and they
won't stop here but a lot of people this
will often be a peak in a video because
they actually want to stop yeah so it's
really interesting when you look at the
graph after of the video this gets into
the sort of nerdy side of YouTube right
but people will often stop right here
and I mean we think that can sometimes
be pretty good because they'll stop and
they'll spend a little bit more time
just kind of super engaged with your
with your video oh we do that with our
intros too where it's like here's six
things you learn in this video we show
it for like a half second and then
people will scrub back but even if you
don't pause you subconsciously like oh
there's a lot of value I'm about to get
or there's a lot of stuff going on here
totally yeah right yeah but this is fun
and brought along a few friends to help
me put them to the test Dennis is a
health inspector who's going undercover
today so the health inspector too is
pretty fun right he's just some guy that
we met when we were doing all these
Guinness World Records and he's super
funny and he's got a great personality
and he's just fun to be around and so I
this is such a random kind of group of
people to have in a video my my younger
brother and then this health inspector
but to me it sort of felt like it'd be
this kind of unique group that would
create these interactions that I haven't
seen before and that any of our audience
hadn't seen before yeah you know I love
it it's just fun and Pete is my brother
who loves food just as much as I do
we're starting here at a Chinese
restaurant called Pan Asia where Xander
said I do love Chinese food as long as
it's made by humans but I must say the
poo poo platter looked more like a poo
poo platter like my dog made it if you
know what I mean he also attached this
photo it's horrible who attaches a photo
like this to a Yelp review yeah it's not
good while these guys taste the Poo it's
a fun video yeah it's a really fun video
you know what's also really interesting
about you Nick is that I feel like
you're one of the few creators who has
mastered long form and short form and I
want to ask about the bridge between the
two but I prepared another clip here um
this prepar the most prepared person
I've ever met over here thanks man um
this is one of my favorite videos you
put out um okay maybe give context and
then um you could play the video oh so
this this was my hamster pesto you can
hear me say was fast tense unfortunately
rest in peace yeah rest in peace pesto
and I listen I never I rarely cry but I
cried I cried I cried for for Pesto's
passing um what I will say is that pesto
lived probably double to two and a half
times the regular lifespan uh of of of a
hamster and I think it's because I was
feeding himal food which is amazing oh
the gourmet food you gave this hamster
is better than my diet yeah it it was
amazing so this hamster we got during Co
um it was it was a I don't know if I'd
call it a spontaneous purchase but it
was some could say it was a bit
spontaneous we just pull off the highway
and and saw PCO and then went in there
and looked at a bunch of hamsters and
then I think I I think I walked out 30
minutes later with the whole setup and I
don't know I this hamster never bit
anybody which I hear is really rare for
a hamster uh and and was just the most
gentle like fun fun little furball to
play with during Co but I cooked for all
the time I mean those videos I was
looking up the stats like there over a
hundred million views of you and your
hamster pesto and I have a few followup
questions because I think you did
something really smart that a lot of
creators can learn from but maybe play
the video sure I'll play the video here
let's make ratatouille
woo let's get to work pesto he's
nibbling my hair slice all your
vegetables Into Thin strips like this
pesto let go now we lay our vegetables
in a nice pattern don't forget sauce to
finish we'll drizzle an olive oil add
just a pinch of salt then into the oven
it goes We'll add our sauce then a ratat
and a chive to top it off it's a
Ratatouille Fit For A King go ahead
pesto oh he loves it he's the best
helper ever it's fun I miss I miss
cooking for that hamster I know so what
what I think what's so creative about
that is like cute animals are a niche
that pops off on on YouTube Tik Tok Etc
and then cooking is another Niche you
kind of brought it together um how how
did you think about that and there other
things you're like wait that's
interesting in that industry that's
interesting in food let me bring it
together to make a new video idea yeah
well the cute animals thing alone is
really fun I mean we've done stuff with
chickens now we've done stuff with um I
did stuff with my old family dog Leo uh
the hamster obviously done a lot of
different things with animal cuz it's a
really fun thing to be able to I've
tried cooking for lions by the way and
that's there's some serious kind of
guidelines around that and you also
don't want to make them sick but I I
think that's really fun right is the
idea that animals could eat the same
gourmet fstar food that a human could
but in terms of like kind of Two Worlds
colliding in a way in in this whole
content creation space I think that's
really fun that that that immediately
draws my mind to just collabs and
collaborations in general with mostly
people um where I feel like learn the
most sometimes as a Creator I mean if
I'm talking to someone from from the
Sports World or from the entertainment
like the kind of um I don't know it
doesn't matter like any other thing
right I'm sure you've had this yourself
too talking to so many different people
so that's what that makes me think of
what does a DM look like to Shaq or
somebody that like you've gotten I mean
you've had some of the biggest
collaborations with creators as well as
mainstream celebrities like how do you
get them to come on your
channel it's different every time
I feel like with every single big big
celebrity that we've ended up getting in
touch with there's been something really
different that's happened sometimes it's
within my personal team and and there's
there's this one guy Zach who I call my
right-hand man who's just hustling all
the time on different things um and
works with me a lot on content and he's
constantly sending out feelers to
different people um and then uh I would
say the big thing that we discovered
with reaching out to people no matter
who you're trying to work with is that
you have to come to them with a with a
pitch that's going to help them and I I
felt like most people who reach out for
a collaboration with someone they just
say hey can you join me on this thing or
hey can you do this with me and we try
to reach out more proactively in terms
of hey we saw you just launched this
product or hey we saw you just did this
thing we'd love to highlight it in this
way and we already have these three
ideas and that has a very great success
rate I will say I think if you come with
a really clear pitch right out of out of
the gate um and you can show why it's
going to be great for both of you not
just maybe one person that's how we've
had success with it dude that is such a
good point I found the same thing with
like getting big guests on our show it's
like do they have something coming up
that we could help them promote and a
lot of times it's before it hits like
the public so it's like having those
conversations like I know like we were
chatting I was chatting with Peter your
brother about like your second Channel
which I'm stoked to talk about um but
like timing that Outreach is huge yeah
any anything else Nick in that initial
Outreach that especially when you were
smaller cuz numbers speak volumes you
know getting people on your channel when
you were smaller that you got somebody
come on your channel it's like whoa that
was a big yet we're punching above our
weight class and what did you do well
early on I I I realized that everybody
loves food and everybody has a different
relationship with food and and I think
one thing that made it easier for me
early on is that because there's already
that natural connection where it's like
oh you eat every day I also eat food
every day right it sounds so silly but
everybody eats food every day and I
think because of that it's an easy it's
an easier thing to reach out about and
talk about uh as opposed to maybe if I
was in the Sports World and trying to
say something about baseball right it's
just not necessarily quite as relatable
and so that was the early thing was
really trying to just kind of connect to
people through a love for food and see
if they also shared that same love in
some different way if they didn't it was
a lot more difficult early on when we we
were a lot smaller uh and when I was a
lot smaller of a Creator but it's
obviously just become you know it
becomes a bit easier as things move
forward and you have a proof of concept
100 oh that's another big thing it's
like shooting a concept or a format with
a cre like we did a new breakdown format
where like I had um Jimmy like talk
through one of his videos and break it
down I saw that it's a lot of fun yeah
and we just did one with Johnny Harris
as well where it's like like like you
almost like notes on a screen like
Vanity Fair but before we had that proof
of concept it was hard to get people
Envision what it was to get them on that
format on our show well I'm super
appreciative of the people that that buy
in early on and that are sort of that
they'll trust you early on to to take
the leap yeah that's always the hardest
part and after that if you have that
idea and you have that proof of concept
then obviously as you go on and go on it
becomes so much easier you know oh yeah
but yeah having that first video even if
it's like a smaller collab you could
like kind of pitch that I'm like hey I
would love to do this video with you and
you have this thing coming up that I'd
love to help promote that's kind of like
a onetwo punch yeah yeah I mean you have
to just sort of grow grow it up slowly
the other thing that I've always been
really willing to do is I'm pretty
easygoing and I'm not I'm not usually
too impatient and so I I'm happy to sort
of do whatever to make make a big collab
happen at times and especially early on
I was when I was super hungry for those
to happen so I had no problem kind of
sitting there for a whole entire day
waiting till I could just get five
minutes with somebody and and I also was
happy to make it work within whatever
time constraints anybody wanted so that
helped early on too I was I was happy to
burn a day or multiple days just kind of
waiting waiting waiting till we could be
with someone that I had this really good
idea for that I knew would do well and
and that's kind of what it took is there
an example that comes to mind um well I
don't want to call anybody out for
making me wait for super long but but
there are there are a few people I can
think of where it was more difficult and
I I I got nervous at times even when I
was there uh that it might not happen
but but luckily you know knock on with
so far things have worked out pretty
well with that stuff so yeah yeah no
I've done the same and it's uh yeah it's
amazing the things people don't see to
like get those collabs you collaborated
with Ryan recently that video did really
well I'm curious what did you learn from
him behind the scenes that maybe we
don't see in front of the scenes that
had that video perform really well
listen if there's one thing I've learned
from all my interviews with creators is
that you don't need big money or a big
team to find video ideas that break
through in fact many of the moment in
this video along with the thumbnails or
brainstorm using a new tool called
spotter studio and I want to give it to
you for free so whether you're a new
Creator who's trying to figure out
YouTube or you're growing and you want
to grow even faster spotter Studio has
so many useful tools like it lets you
brainstorm ideas by literally typing in
a few words and then letting spotter
Studio give you new variations on it
different expressions and tweaks you can
also spot outlier videos to see what's
trending so you can easily adapt it and
you can organize it all into these
project folders that help even the
messiest of creators stay organized and
when you sign up using my link below
you'll get it all for free for two
months that's a two-month free trial to
spotter Studio which is actually one
month more than you normally get if you
didn't use my link I honestly think it's
one of the best deals I've ever had in a
sponsored video and you have nothing to
lose and so much to gain by trying this
tool so hopefully you could smash it too
all right now back to the video yeah I
we just had had of fun back and forth
with each other and I think we both
approached these videos in a similar way
which is we both have very lean teams
behind us and with us and we're both
just pretty chill guys behind the scenes
that's the that's the honest truth we
were already goofing around a long time
before the cameras started rolling and
so that just made the video easy we were
just goofing around having fun and when
you're filming and it doesn't feel like
you're filming that's what makes the
best videos and that's why I think that
one was so good yeah was there any thing
in the pre-production process like the
scripting like thinking about how to
jump into it like the order of the like
products you reviewed cuz you did one
star like like any like order or like
there there's really no scripting
actually it's just we get a lot of
b-roll of the products and then Ryan and
I are in a Roman can go in whatever
order we want with the products and just
test them so it's all just it's that's
it it was one take you know we're having
fun with the items that was it sometimes
we'll map things out a little bit more
but I always say this I'm not an actor
and if someone ask me to do a line again
it's not going to be as good as it was
the first time around and so I I don't
really like to I don't like to script
yeah I I think that's so important
because like a lot of creators I me do a
bunch of takes but then it's it's just
diminishing returns yeah exactly I mean
I get I get very frustrated if we have
to do another take because I I'll do it
but I know I just know from the bottom
of my heart that it is not going to be
as good as what we just got and so
usually I'd rather have that shot and if
we miss the shot it's one thing I'll do
it again and we'll make it work but I'm
not an actor and I can't I can't I can't
do it on command you know yeah also I
think it's really smart one thing you do
with some of your collabs it doesn't
require them to be in person always like
that video you did where you cooked
meals for different top YouTubers you
were on set um in Jimmy's like top 50
YouTubers Challenge and then you kind of
asked different creators what their
favorite dishes and then afterwards you
just sent it to them and they sent you a
video back and that was it yeah that was
an idea that I thought of when I was in
there by the way oh wow we were just
sitting on the floor all all day waiting
around most of the time right and so I
don't know I think I just was sitting
there and and suddenly I sort of felt
like okay I'm sitting with some of the
most inspiring biggest YouTubers in the
world literally all right around me why
don't I just try to think of something
simple and fun and and who's not going
to be curious of what uh you know Logan
Paul or KSI or or like Karen manat who I
met there who was like the biggest
YouTuber in India I think who's not
going to be curious about what their
favorite foods are because I just think
it's a fun it's a simple thing that you
don't really think about but if you
could know then wouldn't you want to
yeah no I thought that was brilliant I
mean another moment from that video that
you were part of that shook the internet
was when you and Logan Paul were paired
up in one of the challenges right um and
you made this amazing dish and then
Logan got so excited he ran offset like
well can you clear there like was that
totally accidental yeah yeah yeah I and
and I I know why people would be
skeptical when they see it and sort of
say that must have been scripted but no
that was very much accidental and again
I I'm not an actor so I would not have
had the reaction that I had there where
I freaked out like I I couldn't have I
couldn't have fabricated a reaction like
that that was all very very real and I
you know I felt I felt bad yeah it
happened yeah I feel like Logan has
Prime he has he'll be good but yeah uh
that was a hilarious moment is there
anything you learned being part of that
big of a production uh with that Mr
Beast video where you were a contestant
that you now apply to your videos I have
a very we can talk about this more later
about team and everything like that but
I have a very lean team I always have
and I always will and I actually walked
away from from that really happy that I
have a lean team and not really wanting
a million cameras and a million
different things going on so if anything
it taught me to actually be grateful for
the setup that I have right now
certainly it's inspiring to be around
such a crazy huge set and see where
YouTube could maybe take you or anybody
out there I mean I think that's amazing
that was more impressive than a lot of
TV type sets that I've seen in my life
but it actually made me really grateful
for what I have going on myself right
now yeah I want I want to ask about team
because running lean is such an
important thing and I find too many
creat try to grow too quickly I I did
this interview with the hacksmith and
now he has about 20 30 employees but he
feels like he grew too quickly too fast
yeah and his overhead is like $300,000 a
month and he was talking about that was
crazy to hear um tell me about the knife
drop because you have that in different
moments especially in your shorts and
it's almost become like a little
character signature of your videos that
I think it's so important for creators
to have it's almost I'd say like the
boosted board is to Casey neistat as
like your knife and the drop is in your
video
like how did you think about that
because I think your branding is so good
that's a great comparison by the way I
look at the knife drop as my way of a
grabbing your attention and B telling
you that food shouldn't be that serious
because I think 20 30 years ago it was
super serious it was white tablecloth um
really strict chefs and and maybe often
times people weren't very nice to each
other in the kitchen I think that's
changed a lot especially in restaurants
and things like that but from the side
of things just from the from the videos
that I'm making I wanted to just say
right off the bat that I'm never going
to take food too seriously and then I'm
I'm there to have fun uh and then and
then it really does grab your attention
because it's a little bit dangerous we
have we had a lot of videos being
flagged early on I don't want to take
away this privilege that I seem to have
with with Tik Tok for instance but I
think I'm grandfathered in for throwing
a knife and and and things like that
because if anyone else tries to ever do
it their video gets taken down you would
get flagged cuz a knife drop into a
board yeah because it's dangerous
dangerous act according to Tik Tok but
so so we have this problem where if I
collaborate with anybody and there's a
knife throw in the video they can't post
it on Tik Tok because it's gone every
time but if I do it it's fine so it's
this really weird thing where I think
early on something must have happened in
the back end of Tik Tok for me where I'm
where they just let that slide which is
really and that's great but it's kind of
a funny thing are there any other little
moments you think about putting in your
videos that kind of add that character
or brand for the short form or long form
either
I mean I think that a huge part of the
reason that anyone goes to watch anybody
on on a video is is for some of their
personality and so I think it's always
important to have just that right amount
of Personality it's really dependent on
the video for me if I'm trying to do a
really serious cooking video where it's
going to hopefully appeal to a wide
audience of of someone who just wants to
learn how to make lasagna yeah often
times I don't want to put too much
personality in there because I feel like
maybe that's not necessarily what
everyone came for if it's something
where I'm creating a video and I know
that my core sort of loyal audience is
going to go and watch that then I think
it's probably okay for me to be a little
bit more me yeah and and just have fun
with it yeah I also want to talk about
your experience on Master Chef because
you're again one of those few creators
who has dominated social media but also
traditional media in many ways so um I
want a rapid fire four years ago you're
on the hit Cooking Show Master Chef with
Gordon Ramsey they have millions of
views like per show um here's a few
questions I thought would help set
context um how many months were you on
set filming Master Chef three and a half
months three and a half months how many
hours per day were you filming that show
about 15 sometimes up to 18 every day
yeah I mean I I remember a lot of days
400 a.m wake up and return to the hotel
around 9:30 10 p.m. wow I think there
were probably there were rarely there
were and there were rarely days off I it
was it was intense was like 4: 4:30 a.m.
wake up every single morning wow yeah
and then how much access would you get
to your cell phone email outside world
none other than a quick 5 to 10minute
phone call supervised every Sunday
that's it well what what did I
experience teach you about the
entertainment side of food I look at
what we do now as mostly food
entertainment it started off as more
serious cooking after Master Chef
because Master Chef after all is a it's
a cooking competition show right and so
that's kind of how I naturally felt like
it would make sense for me to start when
I made videos online at first and then
it slowly kind of turned into this idea
of food entertainment where it was much
more wide reaching and and widely
appealing frankly and Master Chef has
existed for so long as a show and keeps
getting renewed because I think it does
have that perfect balance between actual
cooking and then still some of the
banter between contestants and almost
like the the the stuff you see in The
Bachelor like the you know people like
the the gossip or the intensity or the
or the fights or or the drama and and it
has a little bit of that but not too
much and people that love food can watch
it and then it gets kind of a bit of an
audience outside of that as well I think
for me in the end it just sort of it it
gave me a really good taste at what what
it could look like to create some type
of of show or entertainment where you're
where you're kind of striking balances
of these different things altogether and
obviously I care most about the food but
it showed me a little bit of the other
stuff too yeah dude I went back and
watch you on that show and it's so crazy
to see you and Gordon Ramsey there like
four years ago versus now I thought this
would be a pretty good comparison I
pulled two photos for you I got you and
Gordon Ramsey on the show versus you and
Gordon Ramsey to and I have Steph Curry
and LeBron damn and the the comparison
I'm making here is here's a photo of
LeBron going to Steph Curry's college
game when they're almost Mentor Mente
wow and now they are playing on the same
Olympic team that's incredible so I'm
Steph Curry yes nice okay like I think
the way you've ascended so quickly where
you've surpassed Gordon Ramsay as the
top like Food Channel on you it's just
it's just wild and I'm just curious like
what are some of those tips that he gave
you on your way up and what are the some
of those tips you maybe gave him because
it seems like he's a sponge to stay
relevant for this long well a few things
here first of all I think this is a
generous
comparison I am also I I should have
told you John I'm terrible at basketball
I can't I can't I can play almost any
sport but basketball is not one of them
but this is a really nice comparison to
look at because I think that that you
know I when I look back at myself
staring Gordon in the face in this photo
here uh I was probably a little bit
scared I was definitely listening I can
tell I was I was listening there with
with with in with intention like I was I
was locked in right there um and then
flash forward to this photo
below where we have this skinest world
record that we did together it's really
fun Gordon is somebody out there who I I
mean I have I have all the respect in
the world for him there's not that many
people who can say that he's been a
mentor to them and he's somebody that I
think most people just see the yelling
and the intensity on the outside from
Gordon and if you're able to get really
lucky and kind of pull back the curtain
uh and and and sort of peak behind all
that yelling and intensity you find this
super Driven Crazy work ethic you know
um
a family man who's who's just super kind
and just has this incredible Empire now
and that's all really inspiring and so
he's definitely given me pieces of
advice along the way whether it's how to
create a really good team or um tips on
the cookbook when I was doing that um
and obviously he was a bit involved with
that with the forward and things but
actually I think more importantly was
just the advice that he gave for how to
how to do a successful cookbook in a
space where there aren't that many road
maps or or or sort of possible mentors
to begin with he's a really great mentor
to have yeah any conversations where
like you were stuck in a rut and you're
like hey Gordon I I need your advice or
I need your tips on this how do you
navigate this situation your career as
you kind of Ascend the ladder I think
the biggest question i' I've really ever
had for him is kind of just how do you
possibly balance everything that you
have going on and then that always just
leads to you need a good team because I
think he could never do all that he does
without a great team yeah so I think
that's such an important thing that that
I take away from not only watching him
but just hearing him talk about what he
does yeah yeah I want to get into that
um there's a lot of Youtubers with views
and subscribers but not that many that
are becoming a household name in many
ways like you are like how did you go
about getting press like how did you get
more mainstream press and do you have
any tips for creators who are on their
way up but they maybe don't have a clear
narrative they don't have a way to pitch
themselves like how did you go about
doing that cuz you've done it so well
I mean I have a pretty basic and simple
Mission which is to make the world a
better place through food and then going
off all that we obviously have a number
of different things going on but I think
in some ways it's a little bit easier
for me as a food Creator you know I I'll
say in in the sense that everybody out
there loves food and so whether it's the
cookbook that's sitting in a bunch of
people's kitchens around the world now
to like a video that someone's watching
on a TV or a phone or a computer um but
that also makes it more competitive like
it's more saturated so like to cut
through it does it does and that just
means I have to work that much harder
within this actual space itself to just
to to excel but but I have no problem
working hard everyone that knows me
knows that I just have no problem doing
every single thing possible to outwork
people around me yeah and and it helps
that I love what I do as much as I do
and so yeah and that sense I agree with
you it's it's a it's a hyper competitive
place in fact it seems like there's a
new food Creator every day now on the
Internet it's crazy especially after Co
it's insane I feel like everyone was
trying we tried it like by and I was
like oh my God to make the food look
good is hard enough you know it's really
amazing actually and and in a way it's
actually fun because it's just going to
it's people can kind of compete off each
other bounce off each other a little bit
create ideas together collaborate
whatever but at the same time yeah it
does make it hard but I would argue that
it also you know if if you can do a good
job with it then some of that sort of
household name type thing you know it's
easier because it's food and and people
always need to find a voice in food in
in some way so I'm just hoping to be one
of those long-term voices in food for
people out there and as many people as
possible yeah when you were on Master
Chef that brought millions of eyeballs
but I noticed that you went and uploaded
a video on your channel where you put up
the dessert that you would have done had
you proceeded on the show and you know
you left at the third place Mark um but
I was really curious that like even that
mainstream Fame like after that the
videos that you put up I I think didn't
do well and you deleted them since yes
yeah why do you think that is and and
how did you ultimately like take what
you had with like Master Chef and then
channel into something that has been
become incredibly successful on YouTube
it took me a long time to figure out
some sort of formula uh and to really
kind of catch the YouTube
bug to succeed on YouTube I think you
need to be spending at least a certain
amount of time I don't know what that
exact amount of time is but I know it's
a lot of hours and I know it's just a
Relentless constant process proc that
that really seems to Never Never End and
and I wasn't there at the time so I
wasn't spending enough time you can
really only ride off of somebody else's
success for so long too so I could
really only kind of take the Master Chef
and Gordon Ramsey you know burst the
fame there that that myself and all the
other contestants might have gotten and
and ride that way for so long that kind
of cuts off pretty hard at a certain
point so it was all about just kind of
playing around learning how to use a
camera learning how to edit because I
did all that stuff on my own at the
start and and I was watching YouTube
videos on how to edit I think actually
this is a way that a lot of people in
this space start and so it was a little
bit of trial and error but I think
eventually I just kind of found a rhythm
and a pacing and and and was hungry
enough to make it succeed yeah how do
you also think about your other options
because I mean not that many people get
into Harvard like you did get into
Harvard like business school um get a
six-figure job like you got a job at
McDonald's as a food inspector right
after graduation yeah when did you
decide to go all in on YouTube cuz like
the numbers weren't there in the
beginning like how did you think about
those Crossroads and kind of hedging
your best because I think a lot of
creators are in that position being
right out of college I just wanted to
take the leap I felt like if there was
any time to risk it in life that was the
time like fresh out of college and and
and I had this really great opportunity
with Master Chef and why not just try to
have fun and keep doing what I had had
so much fun doing while at Master Chef
my whole life had always been pretty
quiet and pretty shocked and I would
have never thought I would be happy with
a camera in my face but it just didn't
seem to bother me and then I was cooking
and I was doing what I loved and I
wanted to just try a little bit more of
that before I settled into a job like
the McDonald's one which would have been
fun I would have just been rolling
around in my car eating eating Big Macs
and and and making sure that the
restaurants looked good and it's
actually a really cool job I was so
excited about it I loved everyone at the
company it was really cool and then I
just was so honest with them I just was
like guys I I got to I just this master
cheft thing has been really fun I I want
to try this other thing you can give my
spot to someone else and there's only 20
people accepted the program they said
there were 20,000 applicants for 20
spots and I believe it because it was
their first year of this thing I mean
who doesn't want to get a free car and a
good salary and all these great benefits
and then just ride around and and and on
your own time just go to McDonald's
locations I mean that I I like the fries
a lot I would have had a great time I
think that would have been really fun
and so
I was so excited about that job it was
it was sort of that perfect it was that
perfect fit for me coming out of college
and just I just told them the truth so
that's F you didn't like start and then
like accumulate savings like that's
that's what I did when I was like at
YouTube Instagram I was like I'm gon to
hedge my bet you kind of didn't even
start the job finished at Harvard and
you're like I'm going to try this
Creator thing full-time yeah and early
on I I didn't really have that much
money that I'd already kind of saved up
through the Summers and then working at
restaurants so I I only had a certain
amount of money and my roommate was
paying 2third of the rent cuz he used uh
part of our apartment for an office so I
was really just paying for my bedroom
and that's why I was shooting in there
doing all the stuff in there at first um
and I bought a really cheap camera
because that's all I could get at the
time and then what I made as a rule for
myself was that when I if and when I
paid off that camera with the money that
I made from videos I'd buy a nicer
camera and I worked my way up until
eventually I got my first really nice
you know professional camera I mean it's
wild to hear about like what it takes
like to run your current Channel take me
through like launching a second Channel
yeah you're doing that this week um I'm
stoked to be one of the first people to
talk to you about it yeah uh what are
the cost of running a second Channel how
are you justifying it because running
one is tough enough like a lot of people
run second channels that go dormant
after a few months why are you doing a
second channel so when I started on
YouTube I was doing more serious cooking
videos they were simple and it was just
me in the kitchen by myself and and and
that was it I made a dish at the end and
I might have started with a whole fish
and I might have ended with a nice plate
of cooked fish right now I feel like our
main channel has really shifted into
this idea of food entertainment and I
think it's really fun and it's crazy but
I trained a rat to make ratatouille and
you know I hatched a chicken and then
cooked it those are crazy Concepts that
still relate to food but if you're
coming to watch a cooking video that's
that's not there sometimes and so
I created Nick's kitchen because I want
to make something now that is fully
committed no matter what and and I I
mean I I you can replay these words
later if I do anything crazy and I'm
sure someone will but no matter what I'm
going to stick to just the food and it's
just going to be a kitchen and me and
some simple but delicious dish right and
I want to focus on the visuals and I
specifically told the company we're
working with cuz this is how we're able
to do a second Channel I think is H ing
more people that can help Outsource it a
little bit for us I told them that I do
not want it to be about me I want as
many shots as possible on the food and
on what we're actually doing as much
b-roll as possible I said I don't want
to have just these boring shots in my
face and standing there in the kitchen
and talking and so that's what I'm
committed to with this channel I think
it's going to be huge because I feel
like most people that join YouTube they
eventually sort of morph and shift to
what's going to get us the most views
that's what your job is as a YouTuber
right right but I do feel like there's a
the g a gap and a place there for just
really serious delicious food and that's
what we want to do with this so is it
more tutorial based yeah it's just going
to be it's just me cooking a lasagna or
a pizza or showing you how to cook a
steak or like all the different ways to
make an egg um really really nice just
beautiful shots of the food beautiful
b-roll and you'll come to this page
you'll learn something I hope and then
you'll walk away hopefully better better
cook H um tell tell me about like it's
interesting to bring outside help to
launch a channel were you thinking about
let me launch this and let me find like
a team to help me produce it like what's
the makeup of that or you're like
they're like hey Nick you should launch
this here's an opportunity in the space
we'll help you go after it so we went
out specifically to find somebody who
could come in and do this because I know
that I don't have the bandwidth to do
the pre-production and the actual
shooting of it and the postproduction of
it all so and I and I really it's hard
to find a really great team it's not
easy and so I just wanted to go out and
find some place that could just shoot
this for us edit this for us and and
gather all the ingredients and and kind
of make it a little bit easier and more
manageable and with that I think I can
run a channel that's going to that's
going to work out but I agree with you a
lot of the time people create second
channels it's happened to me too where
you just you your Focus Shift right back
to that main channel that you have and
you forget about the other one and I
don't want this to happen with this one
yeah yeah I think a lot of creators get
second Channel happy they're like oh let
me launch this I feel like so so much
opportunity they get overwhelmed and
they like both of them suffer because
yeah I think this will be our our one
two 3 four our fourth or fifth and and
those other ones I sort of I just don't
have enough time to manage all them yeah
is there a checklist when you're
launching a new channel um you know I
talked to Matt pad and he's like you
have a trailer have different formats
give people something they could binge
on and up that watch time like now that
you've launched such a successful
Channel with over 20 million subscribers
what's the checklist as you launch this
second Channel
I think the only checklist aside from
the fact that you you know you're sure
that you can actually produce good
videos for it to begin with is just
making sure that whatever you're doing
and and posting you're just fully
thinking the whole time about the
audience and what are they going to be
happy with and if they're happy then I'm
going to be happy cooking fun dishes and
delicious food that that's I'm not
worried about that so as long as I can
make something that I know are going to
make all these people happy then it's
going to work out that's my hope and
that's my thought after all years on
YouTube yeah you know what's fascinating
about this second Channel it reminds me
of when I interviewed Thomas Frank he
had his main Channel about productivity
kind of like you do with like food and
then he launched a second Channel
specifically about notion tutorials and
he's crushing it like making so much
money on that with products it's a niche
yeah so it sounds like you're carving
out another Lane within the overall food
space with the second Channel exactly
yeah which I think is a smart way to
approach it Nick what's your going back
to the creative process what's the
creative process for shorts versus long
form
shorts and long form yeah they're
totally completely different things and
I have to be in a specific mindset to
think about each one yeah if you gave me
a list of a 100 ideas and said hey sort
these to Long sort these into what you
think would work for long and what would
work for short yeah it's very easy for
me to quickly go and do a little
checklist of that but in terms of
actually thinking of the the ideas
themselves I mean I I think the reason
that we've been successful at at both
long and short form videos is because I
treat them as two totally different
things
and I spend the vast majority of my time
on the long form videos because they
just take more time to produce and but
but at the same time I think short form
is just as important I think I look at
short form for helping to get more reach
and then I look at long form for helping
to really grow and build a loyal
audience and and connect with people on
a deeper deeper deeper level when you
can really spend 30 minutes with
somebody and and and they're very
different and I think I like both of
them but creative process is it it's
hard to really even kind of describe how
how I've drawn that line over the years
it just sort of happened and I've
learned little things about each each
side of it that that I just know exist
and it's I don't know um how do you
Greenlight an idea for shorts like
what's your
checklist it's just a gut thing it's a
gut thing yeah it really is just a gut
thing it's a a gut thing it's what what
do I think will actually be fun and then
maybe the most important part is do I
think that it's worth actually taking my
time away from focusing on long form
videos to actually even do this oh it's
a trade-off thing that's a real thing
that's interesting um are there anything
you you're thinking about with the first
frame or the edit because I think one
thing you do is like you cut fast but
not um in an insulting way like I find a
lot of like creators like they cut fast
and it's insulting to a viewer's
attention like you feel like you just
got smacked in the face out of the phone
yeah I'm like okay no I'm I'm we to
watch and like but it's moving too fast
and it's like almost like insecure on
bef of the yours I find very secure and
like well edited like how do you think
about that yeah I think you're right
that like people have tried to make
content faster and faster and faster
with this idea that you know you got to
keep their attention and you got to make
it really fast so they don't leave but
some have gotten way too fast yeah uh
I'm sure some of my videos in the past
have been a little too quick but in
general I just sort of this is another
one of those strange things where I feel
like I've gotten the timing down in my
head where I know I'll comment on the
videos to our editors uh make this a few
milliseconds longer or shorter and it's
just a timing thing it's just sort of
like a it's like music almost yeah I'm
not a great musician I'm I'm an even
worse dancer so that side of things is
not good for me but there's sort of a
pacing and a and a Beat and a rhythm
that you need in any video and
especially a cooking and food video and
so there's something there about timing
that I think is just super key and I
don't know if it was just something that
that I learned over time from watching a
lot of videos and got a got got a sort
of a feeling for it or if it was just
there but I I have no idea but but
something about it is when I look at
something now and and the timing is
slightly off in one way I just know that
it either has to be stretched this way
or this way on the on the edit and I
don't know I wish I could put it into
words in a better way for you tell me
about your team like what's the makeup
of it yeah so my team my team is small
uh I I I will always have a small team I
I have I decided that from the
start I just feel like I want to I want
to know everyone's name I want to I want
to know where everyone's from like I
need to I need to know about them too
and what's going on with their lives too
uh for us to all work together properly
and be successful and there's times
where you know I won't be able to do
that if if if you know we build out more
and more team members on for osmo or for
happy potato like there there becomes a
time where that becomes really difficult
but I think for my core personal team I
always want to keep it lean and mean and
so we have five to six kind of key core
players and we are all super closely in
touch every single day we all know
what's going on and someone on my team
brought this up the other day they said
this is one of the most interesting jobs
they've ever had because they've never
been on a team before where they're all
working for the success of one person
and I was like well I would I would
disagree with that right is like I yes
my name happens to be kind of on the the
the page um but the funny thing is I was
sort of I was sort of thrown into all
this like as as a really shy person I'm
you know I'm not I'm I'm Different in a
conversation and just kind of hanging
out than I might be on a video where I'm
more animated and kind of maybe louder
sometimes and running all around with a
lot of people um and I and I pretty much
sort of said you know like we're
building all this together and we're and
and when I say and and when I said that
I really meant it it's it's like it's
become a much bigger thing than me it's
my name but it's not it's not just me
anymore you know so many creators are
launching food products nowadays but
you're really the the master in that
domain um no you are I I know you're
being humble um you launched osmo which
is a premium salt brand uh how did you
think about launching that and what are
some the dos and don'ts as like more
creators think about products especially
in the food category yeah osmo I created
because I wanted to just pick something
really simple where normally the videos
that we're making people can't taste
anything they're just seeing seeing
being seeing all the time and food is so
much more than just a visual thing it's
it's an experience and and I would argue
that taste is the most important thing
so I wanted to create something that
that at least some people out there
could try and just I even if it's a
flavored salt that I was some part of it
um and it's a really great product but
but I just looked at it as a way that I
could further maybe try to connect with
my audience and and and try to build
something a little bit outside of the
videos that we're doing so it's
interesting you know I've tried every
creators food products out there I've
even done videos on it actually some are
great some are terrible I I won't tell
you which is which and and everyone has
their own judgments on it anyway so it
doesn't really matter what I think but I
think the key with with all these is
that the food better be good long term
it better be something that people
actually want to come back to after the
hype is gone and after youve really
pushed it in all the videos because you
know if it's not and this goes for me
too if it's not actually good then it's
just not going to succeed as a brand
right so I think that's the key and I'm
really curious to see what happens with
all these different Creator Brands it
it's really interesting that it seems
like every Creator brand is a food
product I I think that's interesting and
I just happen to be a food Creator yeah
but that is fun yeah yeah I mean KSI
Logan with prime Ryan Tran with joy Ry
now uh the demilos with their popcorn um
what do you think is the most underrated
Creator product in your
opinion that's a food
you know I'm I'm just gonna I'm GNA hype
up all my fellow creators and say that
they're all pretty good I I I you know
what I'll say they all have so many
different flavors and variations some I
love and some I really just I can't have
so with prime for instance like there
are some drinks that I think yeah this
tastes pretty good there are some that I
would tell Logan and KSI straight to
their faces this is terrible and and I
just don't like it it doesn't fit my
palette but that's the great thing about
food is some people love something and
some people don't and that's how Food
Works so yeah how many units of osmo uh
are you selling right now where is it
selling so we're selling in Walmart
right now um and I don't know unit wise
I I I I actually try to stay so focused
on the videos that like I just don't
look at the more granular numbers I I'm
all about just like let me focus on the
YouTube videos and and I can manage some
of the stuff that's going on around me
but I I try to find the right people to
do that for me um and with me uh I know
it's it's doing really well in Walmart
which is exciting um and it's it's doing
exceptionally well online for Walmart
too which they're trying to push more
and more so I mean so far so far it's
been great but I down the road I want to
turn osmo into a much sort of broader
Pantry Staples Essentials brand with
sauces and and salty snacks and a little
bit of everything and so I'm working
towards that eventually but just right
now we've been so busy with YouTube yeah
oh that's fascinating premium Sal is
just the entry point and then you want
that's smart um I wanted to close by
asking about one of your most heartfelt
videos um you um you made this video
with Linda who is a food Creator um I
think the one of the oldest YouTubers if
not the oldest with over 10 million
subscribers probably um she recently
passed a few months ago C can you tell
me about the impact that she had on you
and what you think she would say about
all the stuff you're doing today and and
maybe give a bit of context about who
she is for those of you those of us like
who may have not have known her yeah
yeah so so Linda was uh was a like you
said she may have been the oldest
YouTube Creator ever with over 10
million subscribers she was a she was a
a creator online who was sort of this
old Japanese grandma that was her whole
vibe she had a raspy voice because she
had cancer multiple times and had had
surgery so um it had it had kind of
given her this really unique trademark
voice that turned out to really work out
quite well for for her and we became
super close we did a first collab
together her son is my age and now
actually is kind of my one of my camera
guys so that's fun um and that that's
been a big one of the biggest blessings
of of the whole Linda story is meeting
her son and actually I think it's like
the last thing I told her on the phone
was like thanks for letting me meet Tim
um
but linja her story was really
interesting so she had because she had
cancer when Co hit she was stuck inside
and because her son who worked for the
New York Red Bulls was a camera guy for
them he got laid off so they were both
at home they were bored they started
making videos and then people loved the
videos and and that's the one we met but
when she started realizing on her own
that her life was sort of slowly
starting to come to an end she wanted to
travel as much as possible and I got to
go with her on a lot of those trips at
the time I didn't really fully realize I
don't think that like these were some of
her last trips and she was just trying
to go to new places that she' never been
but that's probably the biggest takeway
I get from her and then her son I think
also learned which is just if you can
just go and travel and and like
experience the world and and and in any
way possible like as I I know like it's
easy to say but but not so easy to do
sometimes because the plane tickets are
expensive and the hotels are expensive
but linga her whole life just like tried
to travel to every place she could and
then I think in a way you know she'd
wanted to get to more places but it was
too late
if if there's ever a time where kind of
I'm on the edge whether I want to go on
a trip or not I go on the trip now
because of Linda no matter what your
situation is if you can if you can try
to go and travel like just go and travel
and that's what Linder would have wanted
um but yeah I mean I'm just I feel like
I'm lucky to be part of her story and
then I I think everyone that watched her
videos was lucky to be a little bit of a
part of her story but it it's still even
just sad to talk about it's hard to talk
about because she just was so cool and
you don't really meet you
as as a 25y old or 26 year old you don't
become good friends with a with a with
an old Japanese grandma too often in
your life so it was fun I mean it's so
inspiring to hear about I'm sure she's
so proud of all the stuff you're doing
today and uh um I just want to say man
you're a true inspiration I mean what
you're doing to lift the food scene like
YouTube like giving back with happy
potato and your merch brand I just want
to like uh yeah man thank you for coming
on and just uh it's incredible I'm
stoked to follow your career moving
forward no thank you this is a lot of
fun amazing I don't do these that often
either so you probably know that yeah um
because again I I mean I like to spend
as much of my time as possible just
working on a videos and trying to figure
out what's next but it's fun to sort of
slow down sometimes and just talk about
what's happening and you know I even
learned some things from you you did so
much prep that you taught me a few
things about myself so that's nice oh
man that means a lot I know you don't do
this usually so it really means a lot
that you came on the show thank Nick
thank you so much amazing